hmm what's up guys the big video let the
Rajah to hand some of the other coastal
knifes they may be a little different I
haven't held them but for my experts a
hand on this and the way from the pocket
design and everything like that just got
some things to tell people just kind of
car safety and stuff like that I do love
this blade it's one of my favorites if I
did not sell it I pipe you'll buy or
whatever you know what do the eBay thing
sometimes anyway but you know as I was
watching the weapons that some women
jazz education my god I can't talk right
now so I was watching some weapons
education videos he gets you know a
couple times a week he gets into those
people get stitches all mostly the
fingers and everything like that and
I've I've seen this myself quite a bit
this can be very dangerous knife I mean
it's just the way it's designed
I mean but it's also one of the
baddest-ass knife on the planet if used
right but for instance I hold my heart
stopped when my buddies did this well
not this right here but if you open this
blade he got his hands like this and
press that lock and this is a heavy
blade I mean you've seen you just watch
video people chopping and shit in half
and you do that look makes me fucking
cringe thinking about it well I can't
get a purchase on there without trying
to lose or anyway I'm hold this down and
then just
yeah and you hold this like this this
swings its top-heavy
bye-bye fingers and the way is design it
cuts at every angle so I mean and it's
heavy
I cut myself with this a couple of times
personally it's just very very dangerous
like that no reason I won't pack this I
did a couple times I'm not a big fan of
the way from the pocket I got my reasons
behind that
and like I said I know we get a lot of
dislike for this video but I'm telling
from my experience as I'm not - and
coach still because I don't see where
thumb study to work with this I mean you
look the way I would use this knife is
I'm trying not to hit my shit anyway
well you can do it one time kind of down
but I'm just trying not to take down
half my stuff you know or you know I
would simply get my hands ready and then
go like that but watch your fingers get
muscle memories where to put your
fingers that because when uh I figured I
was going to try the pocket thing and I
wanted to get it done the first try you
know a pocket and I I don't know what
I'll put it on my pocket I had in my
hand I had my hands I reached in deep I
think er you figure out how even done it
now I had my hands like this and I went
to yank out me when I did the tip came
back and lick my finger because this
knife were here is the sharpest knife
can come it's right it's it's a razor
sharp for me it's sharper than the
little mix you buy in the store I mean
it's just sharp strength wise I've seen
I've seen have a buddy he's got one he
runs a nice knife a store every
cool thing he stabbed a male thread
through Hamill cans he's put weight on
it he's done all the stuff that they
actually did in there and I've seen that
much do the things that they're
advertised but my main problem is not
waiting for the pocket you can get good
with it it's not the easiest it does
take practice to get good waving it from
the pocket but I've been unfortunate
enough to be in in a confrontation I'm
not getting into my details my personal
life just the controversy everything
like that but I was out in the bar one
time I've seen some guys so I was
leaving for another girl she was trying
to fight them off I stepped in they
pulled out a knife somewhat like you
know this one just a little utility lock
back of course this wasn't presented at
first is when I was trying to give off
over they presented it you know I got a
couple scores from it they got worse
ones they hold it and cops showed up and
I was justified the whole thing but
anyway when I got to my knife you know
that's when I realized certain things
like you know when you reach into your
pocket when you heck you got to use
knife the shit does not get any worse I
mean there on your ass most likely
you're probably rolling around you know
finding the nightfall for one hand
praying the chin get yours out and time
to get them and you can you imagine
being on the ground in a ball which I'm
going to strain on you to death or
hitting you over the head with something
and trying to do the pocket wave
but what scares me the most is you put
it out you're you're doing your best to
pull it out your pocket you pull it out
like this if you grip and then maybe
their weight comes on you and Oh empty
fingers um I know I'm going to get tons
videos are nothing worse than it is good
definitely it's all kinds of bad
comments but I don't see someone lose
their fingers and someone justifiably
lose their life because of not not
knowing what they're getting themselves
into and they could have been me at that
time if I'd have had something like this
because coolness that this would make a
great you know vest attachment or
backpack or you know pocket survival
knife for the woods I really think it
makes a great rolling defense because
that deploying that while you're on the
ground in a row is bad news just in
general anyway guys I guess feel free to
just like this all you want but it's
going to be out there for the world
maybe it'll helps people thanks guys